# Project 1 

1. Software Used: Standard python code is used along with numpy and matplotlib.pyplot libraries no additional software is needed to run the code.

2. Accessing the Code: To access the code you can look up user ashtonenrriques on github.com and my account should show up. You can then go to my p1-start repository. The main block of code is located within the main directory and is called plot.py. There is one folder and several files in the main directory as well, these are named very bluntly if they are of any interest. The most useful thing in addition to the code would be the raw-data folder, this contains the initial data I wrote this program to read and graph. The code located within plot.py may be used as a whole or cherry-picked without my express permission. However, any use partial or whole does require a proper credit.

3.  How to Run: If using a python terminal plot.py can be run without any additional commands if unmodified. Obviously there are necessary changes to accomodate data other than that located in the folder raw-data. Once code is changed to work with your data it should run on any terminal that can utilize python. If using a BASH terminal use python plot.py to run unchanged code. There is lots of flexability within this program and modifications for other data should be relatively simple.

4. Example of Successful Run: Assuming you're already in a terminal use commands as stated above. When the program runs a condensed form of the data will print while the computer genrates graph. The Modulus of Elasticity will be labeled and printed at end of block. Graph should appear over terminal window, if not it was likely opened in a seperate window and will be accessable on bottom of screen. The figure will be saved as a .pdf file and can be viewed at a later time as well.  

5. What I Learned: I learned quite a bit through working on this project. I feel like it really solidified everything I've learned thus far in MSE 150. Particularly useful was just doing the work required extensive use of BASH and vim commands which I now feel very comfortable with. Also learing how to use and navigate github was great as it seems to be a useful resource. Maybe the most useful thing was learning how to work remotely. Using VPN's and just the process in general was cool and since many places use systems like ours it was god to get experience with that. Help from friends (before the craziness) was nice as well.
